# 2019-05-18
So today, I’m feeling like I should really give deep learning more of a shot. I know that it seems like a lot to get started. But how much do I really need to know to be useful? Not that I want to stop learning prematurely, but I want to be able to use some stuff in order to get better results at work. Maybe just Keras, or that H2O library? I’m thinking more and more about what I heard another DS at Microsoft say, though, and that’s that whichever algorithm you use, it has full and complete trust in your data. So I need some basic skills in data prep and verifying that the data is clean. I really like what one of the data scientists on my team said too - that we have a baseline, simple ML model on which to base any variations of models or deep learning or whatever.

I think it’d be really fun to do a Kaggle competition and get some practice end to end.

At the same time, I think I need to make this fun and not judge myself for not doing more. This is something I’m choosing to do in my free time, since it’s the weekend now. And really, any time outside of work is for free time. Granted, I work few enough hours that I don’t have to worry too much about burnout. But I do need to be mindful about what I choose to do with my evening time - because saying yes to one thing is saying no to ten other things.

It’s just hard to get enough of a piece to bite off in just an hour or two at night sometimes. I think I need to get more deep into a project to really make it count sometimes. But maybe this is a good chance to just figure out how to break up a big project into smaller chunks. Those Kaggle competitions aren’t always something that can be done in an hour or two. Even those simple kernels seem like they’d take awhile to go through.

Setting up a pre-defined time would be great to stay consistent. This writing helps too.